Yes, dear everyone.
It feels amazing and at the same time
naturally standing in front of you -
- as their rightful chief.
And quite a big surprise
is that we've got a new ally in -
- Earl Wolf!
-He ripped off my testicles!
-Yes, it sounds like him.
- He stabbed my kids!
-Yes, I'll take your word for it ...
They burned down the house
and violate me at its worst!
Yes, but in war and love
and everything like that ...
You just have to take my word for it
that Jarl Varg is an incredibly good guy.
Okay guy?
He fingered my urethra!
No, now you find things.
That is impossible.
It's quite possible! When I pretend
the water, I empty a wash bucket!
Anyway, we just have to judge Jarl Varg
based on the things he does hereafter.
He starts with blank runes.
In any case, Jarl Varg is coming
in a few days -
- to get the map to the West.
That's good news.
So would like Rufus,
our new legislator, say a few words.
Yes, as you have heard,
I'll sail to Rome.
Only the best of the best
allowed to join. Some volunteers?
Ok!
Ragnar, Falk, you and you!
And Frodo, or whatever your name is. We are leaving
when Varg has been here, just pack.
No!
Arvid!
Ouch!
Pardon! Sorry, Frøya!
That rock was too heavy.
I'm so bad
to calculate the aspect ratio.
It looked much smaller.
Are you okay?
- I thought you were dead!
-I am not dead. I'm alive.
I've had some time to think.
Do you know who I suspect
have a finger in the game here?
-Varg.
-Of course.
There is a lot that points in the direction
because it has been planned for a long time.
-Yes, it's clear.
- It's easy to say now, then.
Yes, and easy to say
when it happened, really.
But I have a plan. And it is so
insane that it can actually work.
- Hi, Frøya.
-Hi.
-You look so newly penetrated.
- It's a few days ago. Or hours.
Have you come across Arvid?
What's up?
Frøya, if there is one you can trust
here in Norheim, it's me.
Okay. If I told you that Arvid
lives and has an insane plan -
- what did you say then?
I would ask:
What can I do to help?
Horizontal.
Then you look inside.
Open your hands and look inside.
It's a rectum.
No no no.
It's a cunt.
It is completely incredible.
Welcome.
Welcome to us.
- I'll take a hug, me.
- Don't think so, Orm.
It's nice to ride in here
in peace and tolerance.
We are friendship cities now, so no one
should practice violence or sodomization.
-Yes, we'll look at that.
-Yes, nobody knows where the hare is jumping.
Anyway, I'm here for the map.
And one little thing I want to fix.
It's pretty scrubby that, Vargers.
Should we find the map first, then?
So close to the Promised Map! Rumor
says that whoever approaches the map, -
- gets killed in a trap.
Sure, something happens.
They made a little different stuff.
Trelleborg!
Go get that map, slave.
In the coffin there.
Quietly open the chest lid.
Then you grab the map.
Is this the map? It looks like it
is a crap kid who drew it.
All I need is to sail west
and just avoid this sea worm?
I guess so. There were others who
took care of the navigation as I left.
Or every time I go on a cruise.
So extremely much trouble
to get hold of this map.
Everything I needed to do,
was to sail west?
Yes. That's probably why
it's called "the map to the west".
Torstein.
Stool.
Table.
Yes, I did
made that pate there alone.
But it's ruined now.
I really appreciate you deceiving
Arvid, but I'm fucking in your pate.
Yeah, good luck, then.
Ri nicely.
One last thing before we leave,
Orm.
The last domino.
Domino chip?
I do not know what that is.
The last time I was here, it was
one who, in the most cowardly manner possible -
- stole my hands.
I think it is very reasonable
that I get my hands back.
How was that going to happen?
Let me tell you a little story
about a little boy who lived here -
- many years ago. He had
a wooden figure he was associated with.
They were best friends.
They were completely inseparable.
Yes, one day discovered
the father of the boy that wooden figure -
- and he said it was unhealthy
to have an imaginary best friend.
Stick-Finn might have been
most real that boy knew about.
And then his father broke the stick in many
parts so it was completely destroyed.
And with it became
a little bit of heart to the boy broken.
-And that boy was you?
-It's subordinate to who it was.
The moral is that even if one feels
related to one thing, body parts -
- you will with time and hours
having forgotten that they were there.
Currently, all wounds heal.
That boy discovered it.
If you think I'll let you cut me off
hands, then you read me a little wrong.
-We call it a dawn, then?
-No.
Hands?
- You won't get them.
- Then I'll take them, then.
- I don't fight against handicapped people.
I don't have guns.
Pathetic.
Some more?
Remember, we are friendship cities!
I do this for all those you have
violated and killed in Norheim.
And this is it
you did to Arvid.
Never turn your back on the enemy you have
defeated, didn't Arvid say it? The pig.
Yes, it's their dentures.
Oh, strong boys.
Yes, though
was very little eel, -
- at least we split
an experience of a lifetime.
Maybe it's something
we can build on?
I hope Norheim and Vargnes
are still friendship cities?
Sure, Orm.
Of course.
Must be tough for you, this.
Be a widower with so much responsibility.
It stands respect
how to deal with it, Orm.
That's more than anyone can bear.
At least alone.
-Yes, it requires her husband.
I get so respect for you.
All the teams you have.
The weeks that slave really did
wonders for your physique.
Yes, I have
a good deal of fine muscles.
You have gotten
proper sexual physics.
I think I've been so blind.
Crouched around looking
after the dream man.
And so he has been
right in front of me all the time.
Dreamman and Dreamman ...
-You are.
-I am. Am I?
You're my dream man.
All right?
-Hildur?
-Yes?
-What was that?
-What?
-What did you talk to the crew about?
-I fit the pack.
-Don't they pack too much stuff?
- It's easy to pack too easily.
-It is good.
- I'm just trying to help, Rufus.
-The ship will be ready soon, then?
-Yes, the morning after the farewell party.
-I'll be fine, Rufus.
-Good.
Kark.
-Did you visit the shaman?
-Yes.
You? If Arvid's plan works,
maybe we can give you the freedom.
But it is nothing
we need to decide now?
- We have to thank you in a way.
- But freedom? A handshake is good.
But isn't it a little small?
It must be something you could wish for?
Yes, maybe taste the human food.
That would have been something.
-But then we'll see if we can fix it.
-Seriously? Can it be done?
-Maybe.
-Gee. So good. Thanks.
Dear everyone.
It is with a heavy heart
we say goodbye to our own -
- butterfly in winter country.
The life-saver and the lifeblood Rufus.
Rufus, would you say some words?
I've changed this city -
- from being a primitive warrior's bull
to become a cultural lighthouse.
I made sure to reach the story
whether the Vikings should be written -
- then you are not known for
to be fighters with iconic ships.
You should be known for the abstract
installations and performance art.
My work here is done.
Now you have to manage on your own.
Here it would have been natural
with resounding applause, folks.
Just fold your hands together.
No hocus-pocus.
But in the future it will come
to become such that I, for example, -
- spontaneously show up with you.
And you: "So nice,
sit down. Are you hungry?"
Some bring out instruments,
we sing as well as anyone can.
And suddenly everyone is naked, without
that it was agreed at all.
Then you care zero and care about who
who is a partner, what gender you have.
And you don't wake up the next day
and is embarrassed, no, you are proud.
Then you stand for it.
Has broken some barriers.
Orm? We only have one
surprise. Do you join?
Right? Enjoy yourselves.
We talk ...
A small welcome meeting for the power elite.
You're welcome. Just drink.
You too, Liv. Enjoy.
-Toast.
- Wait, wait. Hold on.
One should not drink if someone is so
extremely eager to drink.
-You don't have sex fluid in?
-Seriously?
Who crosses gender fluid
and have it in the mead?
This is quite ordinary mead. No
body fluids of any kind in it.
But then I suggest that Kark
tastes first. To be sure.
Of course.
(Voice changes)
Now? There were some offsets
of body or gender?
No, then. No.
Absolutely great, this.
Lovely on taste.
(Distorted voices)
So good. The subhuman has spoken.
Zero gender in the meeting. Toast.
Cheers to Rufus and Rome,
cheers to the chieftain.
Yes ...
Orm!
Orm.
Are you there?
Life.
Life, wake up.
Life!
What's up?
Where is everybody?
I know then, Loke.
Hello!
No no no no!
It was stupid that they took the ship then.
Ouch.
There you are awake too. Sorry for that
that we took you against your will.
-You hadn't volunteered?
-Votes on a dot, that, Arvid.
- Where are you going?
- The country to the west.
-We need someone who can grow the land.
-Fy, Loke ...
It will be great, that. Colonize.
Shame on a much larger scale.
Can't one of you get Frøya?
She slept so well.
Arvid ...
Frøya ...
-Frøya what then?
-Jarl Varg -
- had knives in the dentures.
Knives?
She just slept.
Frøya?
Frøya!
At least I'm the chief.
There is then something.
Last time we were alone,
were we nidings in a forest.
You're the chief
over an abandoned village!
-You know what we need to do now?
-Yes.
No. Yes, or ...
We have to build a ship
that can get me back to Rome!
Good luck.
We have to have a crew, people like that
can build ships and get started!
You see that you just
must let go, Rufus?
But we have each other. And that
was really ok to have sex with you, Liv.
It's incredible that we don't have one
found each other before now, but ...
Is there anything we have time for now,
then it is to lie here in the longhouse -
- and sexy and just
wait for better times.
Arvid?
It is important
not to dig into grief.
Now we must be strong
and work our way through this together.
We have to leave it behind us
and move on with life.
-That's what Frøya would have wanted.
- Do you think so?
Everything happens for a reason, Arvid.
I've lost my husband;
you've lost your girlfriend.
- It's clear what the gods want.
- That we should be single forever.
No, Arvid.
That you and I should be together.
As chieftain and chieftain.
Are you ready
to swim in the three m's?
Food, mead and crispy mouse?
Here I hold the key to the West.
This map will do Vargnes
to the most powerful city in Norway!
We will crush all resistance
that's coming our way!
We have to cut the enemy
in tiny little pieces!
And we need to burn them
inside your houses!
I'm going to cut off their skin,
dry it and use it -
- like a kind of suit.
Oh, I have so many
good ideas. It just bubbles over.
It is completely incredible.